# 5-Amazing-Benefits-Of-Franch-Oil-NH-
The herbal ingredients in Franch Oil NH+ are traditionally formulated but manufactured using an advanced extraction technology called “cold pressed extraction” which preserves the medicinal properties of the herbs while delivering an effective, easy to use medicine for our everyday health.  Profuse with antioxidants, experts across the globe recommend Franch Oil NH+ for a variety of skin issues, pain management and anti-inflammation.  Here are the top 5 reasons customers choose Franch Oil NH+.  Acne and Skin Tags Franch Oil Nh+ helps restore the skin's natural moisture and reduce acne amongst other seasonal blemishes. Apply the oil gently on your face and massage in circular motions, leave it overnight and wash off in the morning.  Hair Health Franch Oil NH+ can be effective in managing hairfall when mixed with coconut oil on 1:1 ratio. It contains ricinoleic acid enriching the scalp. When mixed with coconut oil and massaged onto the scalp, it helps in increasing the blood circulation which therein improves hair growth. Some customers prefer to use it once a week as a hair mask along with fenugreek/methi seed powder and steam.  Moisturizer Franch Oil NH+ is an effective solution to combat dry and lifeless skin particularly during winters. The exfoliating property of the oil helps rejuvenate scaly arms, feet and soles. There are anecdotal reports from experts and customers alike that Franch Oil NH+ has been beneficial in mitigating the effects of atopic dermatitis which is commonly triggered by extreme winters and pollution.  Joint Pain Given its anti-inflammatory properties, Franch oil NH+ is effective as a massage oil to relieve the effects of arthritis, nerve damage and sore muscles. Massaging with the oil and applying a heat pack every fortnight can effectively reduce the long term discomfort associated with arthritis. For more details, visit https://franchglobal.com/franch-oil-nh-plus/
